Add code-oriented questions in the first Python workout (#2681)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/meet-python/why-learn-python.md

This makes it an *ideal language for beginners to learn*. And it acts as a stepping-stone for learning other object-oriented [1] languages.

> Python is also concise and usually requires less code for the same task than languages such as Java or C++.

Reviewer: let's replace "such as" with "like". I've also added "other" here to keep the same message
```suggestion
Python is also concise and usually requires less code for the same task than other languages like Java or C++.
```

## Practice

> Python is known as an easy-to-read language due to its close similarity to English.

Reviewer: I think it's safe to remove "known as" here
```suggestion
Python is an easy-to-read language due to its close similarity to English.
```

With your current knowledge of Python and English, can you guess what this code does?

```Python
answer = input("Are you excited to learn Python?")
if answer == "Yes":
  print("That's the spirit! 🎉") 
else:
  print("Don't give up, you're doing great! 🤗")
```

> > There's no wrong answers here. The goal is to get you comfortable with reading code :)

Author: ```suggestion
> There're no wrong answers here. The goal is to get you comfortable with reading code :)
```
